he is my friend
with him
these articles
Strauss-Kahn
thomas zerbini tighazoui
so obviously the sea version here is that compared to most
the old version
we had very very little praline and whose war on an imbalance we have
the impression of being aware of the field because
stubborn you were not the first but m
at half-time away but it was the same here I think he's got us
balanced this leukemia
a third it took at least that
to get to have a thing that is very balanced storing the report
very freshly case for example of praline will not return to the case
salted butter caramel
and it is still the liquid caramel I find it quite interesting
like a left calf here not so his side a stretcher
who are these works
see you soon
and in addition to May 25 and then I had the saleh pressure discarded any withdrawal
precipitate
and we feel that he has a lot of lightness in
for me the revisited ball of the house marcolini was what logo of
week this case a product that makes 7 grams a product for ammann at
dropper my book the sugar on buckle side quarter the side a whole
little sticky light cream
and some notes of -7 the only thing that we even added is that
when we think carefully we added chocolate because their true
manon bernard paragraph
here is the basic idea kim seduced as we wanted to revisit the masne
how one can deposit at home the probability of thesis a gram
I really liked to do this I think it's really a wink
canton
yet today
we have a role to touch them all as citizens of the same for
chocolatiers
to touch them club by the fact that for today bailly has no
government and all the time sometimes down
and at the key of products or there is the history of some belgitude and
germany formed a well done it's no worse and that's round
the tone in relation to that is why we could say that we want I am for
mark her
like that people will call themselves will question themselves by putting in the bottom
what is the Belgian flag and then when they will discover the variant of
of manon that we realized there the belgitude the dance of a single
small box